doc: prepare new release 3.7.1 (#4509)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

# 3.7.1 / 2021-04-14

### Fixed Issues

> - Frontend: fix for blinking dashboard in somes case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Frontend: fix a problem where the dashboard blinks in some cases
```
